feat(registry/bpmct/templates/railway): add Railway (via GraphQL) template (#954)
coder/registry: registry/bpmct/templates/railway/README.md

This template bypasses the provider entirely for the Railway operations and calls the [Railway public API](https://docs.railway.com/reference/public-api) directly with `curl`. Key fixes that keep the reliability suite green:

- **`skipDeploys: true`** on `variableUpsert`. An undocumented flag that tells Railway to persist the value without enqueuing a redeploy. The subsequent `serviceInstanceDeployV2` is what actually deploys, and it picks up the freshly-set variables.
- **Explicit `volumeCreate` before any deployment activity**, with backoff on the "creating volumes too quickly" rate limit.
- **`serviceInstanceUpdate(source: { image })` + `serviceInstanceDeployV2`** for the image deploy, rather than `serviceConnect` (which builds from a repo on every start).

See [bpmct/coder-railway](https://github.com/bpmct/coder-railway) for the full write-up, the reliability suite, and three other variants (Terraform-provider-based, hybrid, and Railway-CLI-based) that were tried along the way.

## Prerequisites

### 1. Railway API token

> Create a Railway workspace/team token at [railway.com/account/tokens](https://railway.com/account/tokens). It must be a user or team token (not a project token) so that the template can call `projectCreate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Railway account/team token at [railway.com/account/tokens](https://railway.com/account/tokens). It must be an account or team token (not a project token) so that the template can call `projectCreate`.
```

NIT: just slightly better wording about which tokens are required for this to work
